=slowrx=
'''slowrx''' decodes analogue [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slow-scan_television SSTV] images received through the sound card.

==Prerequisites==
Needs linux and sox. Depends on libs gtk2, fftw3, and pnglite.

==Features==
*Supports a multitude of modes (see <code>modespec.c</code>)
*Detects calibration headers even when frequency-shifted and shifts reception window accordingly
*Slant correction by linear Hough transform
*Noise reduction by adaptive windowing
*Saves received pictures along with the corresponding raw signals

==References==
The program utilizes several articles:
*Cordesses L, Cordesses R [F2DC] (May 2003). [http://lionel.cordesses.free.fr/gpages/Cordesses.pdf "Some thoughts on 'Real-Time' SSTV Processing"]. ''QEX'' May/June 2003: 3-20.
*Barber, JL [N7CXI] (May 2000). [http://www.barberdsp.com/files/Dayton%20Paper.pdf "Proposal for SSTV Mode Specifications"]. Presented at the Dayton SSTV forum, 20 May 2000.
*Jones, D [KB4YZ] (Feb 1998). [http://www.tima.com/~djones/vis.txt "List of SSTV Modes with VIS Codes"].
*Jones, D KB4YZ (May 1999). [http://www.tima.com/~djones/line.txt "List of SSTV Modes with Line Timing"].
*Gasior M, Gonzalez J L (May 2004). [http://cdsweb.cern.ch/record/738182/files/ab-2004-023.pdf "Improving FFT Frequency Measurement Resolution by Parabolic and Gaussian Spectrum Interpolation"]. ''AIP Conf. Proc.'' (Geneva: CERN) '''732''' (2004): 276-285.

==Licensing==
<pre>Copyright (c) 2007-2011, Oona OH2-250

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.</pre>
